Hello everybody, and
welcome to this tutorial.
Let's just go ahead and
start our configuration.
Before we can start the configuration,
we just need to go ahead and
download some of these scripts.
So you have ASCII images,
basically converts all images
to ASCII text which can be kind of funny.
Blur images makes them blurry so
you can't see anything on it.
I personally like this one,
it's Google search.
You are able to add extra words
to whatever somebody's search is,
you can add extra words to it.
I've seen people do all
sorts of things with this.
And yeah.
Let's just go over onto the net.
Let me just show you where you can
download these sort of things, and
don't download them from anywhere else,
as they are executable scripts that
you will give execution privileges and
that you will run on your system.
So that can be a pretty big problem.
Anyway, go ahead,
use your favorite search engine.
Type in googlesearch.pl and
I already visited the page.
It's googlesearch.pl on Google code.
Let me just zoom in.
Here you can actually see the script.
You can read it, you can
see the code,
you can see everything that it does.
It doesn't really do much it just adds
extra words to the Google search.
You can view raw file.
You can zoom in, and you can press Ctrl+A,
select all here, Ctrl+C, to copy it.
Then you could open your terminal back up,
and I do believe I have some of them here.
Yep, there we go.
I have ASCII images, I have Google search,
no Internet, and Tourette images.
I got no idea what that does.
But I do believe I've tried
it out since it's here.
In any case,
you will need to of course type in nano.
And then you will need to use this name or
this name.
You can actually name
it whatever you want.
It doesn't matter as far as I know.
Although you do need .pl extension.
But try to keep the name consistent,
there is no need for you to change it or
anything of a kind.
You see, I basically just copy-pasted
this text here previously.
If you didn't, you would have an empty
file here, you would just right click,
paste and copy everything into it.
There are no modifications that you need
to do to this one however, internally.
But externally,
you would need to type in chmod plus x and
then googleSearch in order to
give it execution privileges.
With some of these other scripts,
you do need to make certain modifications.
They're not extreme, but you do need
to actually go into the script and
change a thing or two,
depending on the script.
So let's just take asciiImages,
nano, asciiImages.
And you see here, it says $ourIP.
I think the default one here is 33.
But you do need to change it to whatever
the LAN IP address of your device is.
Of your computer is that is.
Mine is 104 at the moment, but
these things tend to change, so
make sure to keep the paste up.
You can also assign IP addresses
statically to your computers, but that's
gonna present a problem when you connect
to a public Wi-Fi or something of a kind.
Anyway, doesn't matter, don't change the
IP addresses of your computer, just take
a look at what it is and type it in here
in order to render the script effective.
In order for it to start functioning.
You do need to probably just change
the last octave but I don't know.
Depends what your LAN IP address is.
Just type it in here.
This is how you can check
your LAN IP address ifconfig.
Press enter and there you go.
This is my LAN IP address,
the one that I am selecting at the moment.
Anyway, now that we have
some of the scripts here,
there's no installation procedure,
anything of a kind.
You basically copy, paste the script
into the matching name, and that's it.
As I said,
you can name it whatever you want, but
I would suggest that you name
it with a .pl extension.
And you can find all sorts of
these scripts, I mean, names,
you can just type in your
favorite search engine.
Flip images squid.
Let's see if that's gonna help us out.
There you go,
somebody has April Fool's Day.
Redirecting.
Do they have the list of scripts here?
No, they do not.
Let's just go over, let's just go over.
Don't give up so fast.
Apparently they do not
have it here either.
Do they have it on Google Code?
Yep, there you go.
Actually, you have them.
It says Fight Club, Blur Images, ASCII.pl.
Google search no Internet,
or something like that.
If you're wondering
what the Fight Club is,
basically just substitutes
all of your images on a site.
If I'm not mistaken, with the imagery
from The Fight Club movie.
It definitely does something of a kind.
I'm not too sure about that.
But you can take a look at
the descriptions if you want for
every individual script.
There are a lot of these scripts
that you can find on the net.
And depending on what you wanna do, you
can implement each one of them separately.
Anyway, next step we
have to configure this.
We have to configure Squid.
As I've written here.
If you install then you
need to type in nano space
slash etc slash squid.
And then again, squid3 actually.
Sorry.
And then squid.com.
Press enter and then her we're
gonna be doing some of the editing.
There are 5,782 lines.
So, I'm just gonna go ahead and
search for what I need,
in order to save us a bit of time,
actually, I don't need to search for
the first one, because it should
be straight off the bat here.
Apparently not.
Do forgive me,
I've been modifying this yesterday.
So a few things have slipped my mind.
Nope, give me Ctrl+V, paste, go.
Okay excellent.
So these basic things,
how do you call them?
These bars represent
comment without lines.
They are the lines which the program
will not take into consideration.
All you need to do is un-comment it.
There you go.
This line will be taken
into consideration.
And if you don't want it to
be taken into consideration,
just put a bar there and it will not be.
I have un-commented this particular
line because this is my network.
So when I do 168.0.0
with the subnet mask 16.
Anyway, depending on what
your configuration is,
make sure to choose a proper one.
You should be able to find it,
these are ranges for
home IP addresses, most of them.
If not, I'm pretty sure you
can add your own as well.
And I'm not too sure about that.
That doesn't really matter.
You will find yourselves there as
most likely it will be in this one.
192.168.0.0/16.
So yeah.
That's a lot of bits.
16, both of these ranges will change.
This is the host part of the IP address,
and
these are the amount of host you can have.
So 255 here and 255 here, and
then you get the combination.
That's a lot of hosts.
I don't know how many,
but a lot in general.
Let's go ahead and find our next
thing that we need to modify so
http access allow, copy, paste.
Where is it, excellent.
So this line, this can be a commented
line so that can be a problem like this.
You need to un-comment it and
have it run as it is.
Okay, so the next step, what we
have to do is change the port 3812.
No, not the port, but we need to
make sure that it is transparent.
So let me just show it to
you what I mean by that.
Excellent, so usually you will have
only this line that I have selected
without the one that I am selecting now,
so the word transparent will not be here.
You literally need to just type it in
there, just type in transparent right
next to port with a space in between.
We are doing this, so computers
that we are spoofing would not at
all need any sort of configuration with
their browsers or anything of a kind.
It will use proxy by
default when we spoof them.
Anyway, that's it as far as
the squid proxy is concerned.
We don't actually need
to do any other changes
aside from assigning it a script to use,
and that's gonna be the end of it.
But this we are going to change.
This you can actually change
multiple times if you wish.
And this is where all
the changes come into play.
Oh, come on!
Don't do this to me.
Excellent.
There we go, at the end.
So, this one will actually
needs to be at the end,
and most likely,
it will not be written by default.
So, the command that I am selecting now,
just write it down at the bottom
of this configuration file.
If it's not there just write it in.
Just write it down and that's it.
This here is the path and
this here right next to it is
the script that I'm going to be using.
The one that I have just
fetched from the Internet.
Now the path can be different of course.
Since this is Kali Linux with a default
installation, pretty much everything goes
into the root folder and
from there it gets used elsewhere.
But anyway, this is just the path and
over here is the script itself.
Nothing more.
And this, you need to write in here if
you wish to use any external scripts,
and that's it.
Now, when you change a script,
just change the path if necessary.
If they're at the same place,
just change the name of the script.
That's all, but you do need to reset
the script proxy server in order for
changes to take effect.
So, press Ctrl+O to save, Enter.
Ctrl+X to exit.
Now we have completely configured squid.
Let me just type in
service squid3 restart.
This can take up awhile, I don't know.
Depending on what is going on.
As I said the configuration
file is rather lengthy.
And this is a virtual machine.
So it's gonna take awhile for
it to actually reload or restart.
Until then, I'm gonna bid you farewell and
continue in the follow up tutorial.